---
title: azzy-cli
date: 21-08-2024
categories: [python,click,devops,cli,bash]
---

## Azzy CLI

Welcome to **Azzy CLI**! This command-line interface (CLI) tool is designed to provide a wide range of useful scripts and commands for various tasks. This repository features a collection of tools and utilities, all accessible through an intuitive and extensible CLI interface, making it easy to integrate into your daily workflows.

## Why Use a CLI?

Command-line interfaces (CLIs) are powerful tools for automating tasks, scripting, and interacting with software more efficiently. Whether you're a developer, sysadmin, or a power user, CLIs streamline workflows and minimize the time spent on repetitive tasks. 

## Features

- **Calculator**: Perform basic arithmetic operations with ease.
- **Expense Tracker**: Keep track of your spending and manage your finances.
- **Password Generator**: Create secure, customizable passwords effortlessly.
- **Note App**: Store and retrieve your notes quickly and efficiently.
- **Unit Conversion**: Convert between various units of measurement seamlessly.
- **YouTube Downloader**: Download your favorite videos from YouTube with simple commands.

## Installation

To get started with Azzy CLI, follow these steps:

**1. Clone the Repository**:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/azzy-cli.git
```
**2. Navigate to the Project Directory:**
```bash
cd azzy-cli
```
**3. Run the Setup Script:**
```bash
bash scripting_tools/setup.sh
```

## Note
Ensure you have bash installed on your system to run the script.

The script will automatically create a virtual environment in the correct path and install all dependencies listed in requirements.txt.
